0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
    It is the longest world in Oxford dictionary. It refers to lung disease caused by inhaling very find ash and sand dust.

1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
    Returns resource usage measures for self, children, thread.

2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
    There are 16 variables of type struct rusage.

3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
    If the before and after were passed by value that will take more time and memory.

4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
    Main starts with reading each file and then iterates over each character until the EOF. Main then checks that character is either a letter (isalpha) or not ('\''). If the characters passes the checks it is being added to word array.
    Then it checks the lenght of the alphabetical strings, if it's too long it means it's not a word and the index is set to 0. The next else if checks for numbers, if any found index is set to zero.
    When the all esle if are passed, it adds '\0' to the end of the word and updates the counter.
    Than a spellchecks starts. If word was misspelled error message will be printed to the terminal. After that the index is set to 0 and looks for another word until EOF.

5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
    We already checked if each character is a letter so fgetc is more efficient.

6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
    We only want to read them and declaring them as const will stop us from changing them.
